doc: tf-m: clarify board target support (#22181)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/security/tfm/tfm_building.rst

By default, TF-M is configured to build the :ref:`minimal version <tfm_minimal_build>`.
To use the full TF-M, you must disable the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_TFM_PROFILE_TYPE_MINIMAL` option.

Board targets supported by TF-M
*******************************

The :ref:`boards supported by the SDK <app_boards_names>` distinguish entries according which CPU is to be targeted (for multi-core SoCs) and whether the security by separation is to be used or not (addition of the ``*/ns`` :ref:`variant <app_boards_names>` if it is used).

> You must build TF-M in the |NCS| using a board target with the ``*/ns`` variant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build with TF-M in the |NCS|, you must use a board target with the ``*/ns`` variant.
```
